feat(android): add notifications (#5242)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/push-notifications/android/getting_started/40_install_lib.mdx

Open **build.gradle (Module: app)** and add these libraries into the `dependencies` block.

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation 'com.amplifyframework:aws-auth-cognito:ANDROID_VERSION'
    implementation 'com.amplifyframework:aws-push-notifications-pinpoint:ANDROID_VERSION'
}
```

> Click **Sync Now**.

Reviewer: where would I click on SYnc now?

Author: This step is clear for Android developers and all our current documentation have this in some form.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we mention where to add the dependencies. 

> Open **build.gradle (Module: app)** ...

<Callout>

> **Note:** The Push Notifications plugin has a dependency on Cognito Auth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The Push Notifications plugin has a dependency on Amplify Auth category.
```

And we can point to Auth setup docs.

> **Note:** The Push Notifications plugin has a dependency on Amplify Auth category.

Reviewer: I feel like this callout is not necessary
